all you children of Benjamin gather
all you children of Benjamin gather yourselves to flee from the
yourselves to flee from the
yourselves to flee from the stuff Jerusalem blow the trumpet in
stuff Jerusalem blow the trumpet in
stuff Jerusalem blow the trumpet in Toccoa and set up a signal fire in
Toccoa and set up a signal fire in
Toccoa and set up a signal fire in Bethlehem for disaster appears out of
Bethlehem for disaster appears out of
Bethlehem for disaster appears out of the north and great destruction
the north and great destruction
the north and great destruction I have likened the daughter of Zion to a
I have likened the daughter of Zion to a
I have likened the daughter of Zion to a lovely and delicate woman the shepherds
lovely and delicate woman the shepherds
lovely and delicate woman the shepherds with their flocks shall come to her they
with their flocks shall come to her they
with their flocks shall come to her they shall pitch their tents against her all
shall pitch their tents against her all
shall pitch their tents against her all around each one shall pasture in his own
around each one shall pasture in his own
around each one shall pasture in his own place
place
place prepare war against her arise and let us
prepare war against her arise and let us
prepare war against her arise and let us go up at noon woe to us for the day goes
go up at noon woe to us for the day goes
go up at noon woe to us for the day goes away for the shadows of the evening are
away for the shadows of the evening are
away for the shadows of the evening are lengthening arise and let us go by night
lengthening arise and let us go by night
lengthening arise and let us go by night and let us destroy her palace for thus
and let us destroy her palace for thus
and let us destroy her palace for thus as the Lord of Hosts said cut down trees
as the Lord of Hosts said cut down trees
as the Lord of Hosts said cut down trees and build a mound against Jerusalem this
and build a mound against Jerusalem this
and build a mound against Jerusalem this is the city to be punished she is full
is the city to be punished she is full
is the city to be punished she is full of oppression in her midst as a fountain
of oppression in her midst as a fountain
of oppression in her midst as a fountain Wells up with water so she wills up with
Wells up with water so she wills up with
Wells up with water so she wills up with her wickedness violence and plundering
her wickedness violence and plundering
her wickedness violence and plundering are heard in her before me continually
are heard in her before me continually
are heard in her before me continually our grief and wounds be instructed o
our grief and wounds be instructed o
our grief and wounds be instructed o Jerusalem lest my soul depart from you
Jerusalem lest my soul depart from you
Jerusalem lest my soul depart from you lest I make you desolate a land not
lest I make you desolate a land not
lest I make you desolate a land not inhabited they shall thoroughly green as
inhabited they shall thoroughly green as
inhabited they shall thoroughly green as a vine the remnant of Israel as a great
a vine the remnant of Israel as a great
a vine the remnant of Israel as a great gatherer put your hand back into the
gatherer put your hand back into the
gatherer put your hand back into the branches to whom shall I speak and give
branches to whom shall I speak and give
branches to whom shall I speak and give warning that they may hear indeed their
warning that they may hear indeed their
warning that they may hear indeed their ear is uncircumcised and they cannot
ear is uncircumcised and they cannot
ear is uncircumcised and they cannot give heed behold the word of the Lord is
give heed behold the word of the Lord is
give heed behold the word of the Lord is a reproach to them they have no delight
a reproach to them they have no delight
a reproach to them they have no delight in it therefore I am full of the fury of
in it therefore I am full of the fury of
in it therefore I am full of the fury of the Lord I am weary of holding it in I
the Lord I am weary of holding it in I
the Lord I am weary of holding it in I will pour it out on the children outside
will pour it out on the children outside
will pour it out on the children outside and on the Assembly of young men
and on the Assembly of young men
and on the Assembly of young men together for even the husband shall be
together for even the husband shall be
together for even the husband shall be taken with a wife the aged with him who
taken with a wife the aged with him who
taken with a wife the aged with him who is full of days
is full of days
is full of days and their houses shall be turned over to
and their houses shall be turned over to
and their houses shall be turned over to others fields and wives together for I
others fields and wives together for I
others fields and wives together for I will stretch out my hand against the
will stretch out my hand against the
will stretch out my hand against the inhabitants of the land says the Lord
inhabitants of the land says the Lord
inhabitants of the land says the Lord because from the least of them even to
because from the least of them even to
because from the least of them even to the greatest of them everyone is given
the greatest of them everyone is given
the greatest of them everyone is given to covetousness and from the Prophet
to covetousness and from the Prophet
to covetousness and from the Prophet even to the priest everyone deals
even to the priest everyone deals
even to the priest everyone deals falsely they have also healed the hurt
falsely they have also healed the hurt
falsely they have also healed the hurt of my people slightly saying peace peace
of my people slightly saying peace peace
of my people slightly saying peace peace when there is no peace were they ashamed
when there is no peace were they ashamed
when there is no peace were they ashamed when they had committed abomination no
when they had committed abomination no
when they had committed abomination no they were not at all ashamed nor did
they were not at all ashamed nor did
they were not at all ashamed nor did they know how to blush therefore they
they know how to blush therefore they
they know how to blush therefore they shall fall among those who fall at the
shall fall among those who fall at the
shall fall among those who fall at the time I punish them they shall be cast
time I punish them they shall be cast
time I punish them they shall be cast down stand in the ways and see and ask
down stand in the ways and see and ask
down stand in the ways and see and ask for the old paths where the good ways
for the old paths where the good ways
for the old paths where the good ways and walk in it then you will find rest
and walk in it then you will find rest
and walk in it then you will find rest for your souls but they said we will not
for your souls but they said we will not
for your souls but they said we will not walk in it
walk in it
walk in it also I set Watchmen over you saying
also I set Watchmen over you saying
also I set Watchmen over you saying listen to the sound of the trumpet but
listen to the sound of the trumpet but
listen to the sound of the trumpet but they said we will not listen therefore
they said we will not listen therefore
they said we will not listen therefore here you nations and know o congregation
here you nations and know o congregation
here you nations and know o congregation what is among them hear o earth behold I
what is among them hear o earth behold I
what is among them hear o earth behold I will certainly bring calamity on this
will certainly bring calamity on this
will certainly bring calamity on this people the fruit of their thoughts
people the fruit of their thoughts
people the fruit of their thoughts because they have not heeded my words
because they have not heeded my words
because they have not heeded my words nor my law but rejected it
nor my law but rejected it
nor my law but rejected it for what purpose to me comes
for what purpose to me comes
for what purpose to me comes frankincense from Sheba and sweet came
frankincense from Sheba and sweet came
frankincense from Sheba and sweet came from a far country your burnt offerings
from a far country your burnt offerings
from a far country your burnt offerings are not acceptable nor your sacrifice is
are not acceptable nor your sacrifice is
are not acceptable nor your sacrifice is sweet to me therefore thus says the Lord
sweet to me therefore thus says the Lord
sweet to me therefore thus says the Lord behold I will lay stumbling blocks
behold I will lay stumbling blocks
behold I will lay stumbling blocks before this people
before this people
before this people and the fathers and the sons together
and the fathers and the sons together
and the fathers and the sons together shall fall on them the neighbor and his
shall fall on them the neighbor and his
shall fall on them the neighbor and his friend Shall Perish thus says the Lord
friend Shall Perish thus says the Lord
friend Shall Perish thus says the Lord behold a people comes from the north
behold a people comes from the north
behold a people comes from the north country and a great nation will be
country and a great nation will be
country and a great nation will be raised from the farthest parts of the
raised from the farthest parts of the
raised from the farthest parts of the earth they will lay hold on bow and
earth they will lay hold on bow and
earth they will lay hold on bow and spear they are crawl and have no mercy
spear they are crawl and have no mercy
spear they are crawl and have no mercy their voice roars like the sea and they
their voice roars like the sea and they
their voice roars like the sea and they ride on horses as men of war set in
ride on horses as men of war set in
ride on horses as men of war set in array against you o daughter of Zion we
array against you o daughter of Zion we
array against you o daughter of Zion we have heard the report of it our hands
have heard the report of it our hands
have heard the report of it our hands grow feeble anguish is taken hold of us
grow feeble anguish is taken hold of us
grow feeble anguish is taken hold of us pain as of a woman in labor do not go
pain as of a woman in labor do not go
pain as of a woman in labor do not go out into the field nor walk by the way
out into the field nor walk by the way
out into the field nor walk by the way because of the sword of the enemy fear
because of the sword of the enemy fear
because of the sword of the enemy fear is on every side o daughter of my people
is on every side o daughter of my people
is on every side o daughter of my people dress in sackcloth and roll about in
dress in sackcloth and roll about in
dress in sackcloth and roll about in ashes make mourning as for an only Son
ashes make mourning as for an only Son
ashes make mourning as for an only Son most bitter lamentation for the
most bitter lamentation for the
most bitter lamentation for the plunderer will suddenly come upon us I
plunderer will suddenly come upon us I
plunderer will suddenly come upon us I have set you as an assayer and a
have set you as an assayer and a
have set you as an assayer and a fortress among my people that you may
fortress among my people that you may
fortress among my people that you may know and test their way they are all
know and test their way they are all
know and test their way they are all stubborn rebels walking as slanderers
stubborn rebels walking as slanderers
stubborn rebels walking as slanderers they are bronze and iron they are all
they are bronze and iron they are all
they are bronze and iron they are all corrupters the bellows blow fiercely the
corrupters the bellows blow fiercely the
corrupters the bellows blow fiercely the LED is consumed by the fire the smelter
LED is consumed by the fire the smelter
LED is consumed by the fire the smelter refines in vain for the wicked are not
refines in vain for the wicked are not
refines in vain for the wicked are not drawn off people will call them rejected
drawn off people will call them rejected
drawn off people will call them rejected silver because the Lord has rejected
silver because the Lord has rejected
silver because the Lord has rejected them
them
them [Music]